
SMS Billing and Reporting tool 
------------------------------
SMS Blue Metals Billing and Reporting tool is an enterprise level web application which facilitates the entry of vehicles, raw materials and customer details. 
These master details help in generating a bill for the customers. The application is also interfaced with the weighbridge through a serial port to scan the weight of vehicles 
coming in and going out, thereby automating the billing process.
Technologies: ASP.NET MVC,MySQL,HTML5,CSS,Bootstrap,Kendo UI,jQuery

Failure Analysis System
-----------------------
This is a web-based SNC application framework for failure analysis requests. 
This incorporates failure analysis status tracking, approvals, report generation, 
distribution list and sample return tracking.
Front end: HTML5,CSS,AngularJS
Backend: Service Now Cloud 


Dynamic Form Management 
-----------------------
DFM is a web based framework which can be intgrated to any other application in order to create dynamic forms for the application 
It creates the controls, data binding for the controls, linking of forms with the backend, Form validations. 
With this framework, an application can be created in a few minutes without a single line of code. This applications helps in minimizing the development effort.
Front end: HTML5,CSS,Bootstrap,KendoUI for Asp.NET MVC, jQuery, ASP.NET MVC, SQL Server 2012
Server side: 
Backend: 

Resource Forecasting 
--------------------
Resource Forecasting is a web based application to manage the resources in a team. It helps the managers to allocate human resources into various projects
based on the skill set, allocation percentage, current working projects and various other criteria. It also helps in report generation related to resources 
which can be presented to the higher level.
Front end: HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, KendoUI for Asp.NET MVC, Web Api, jQuery, SQL Server 2012
Framework: ASP.NET MVC, Web Api
Backend: SQL Server 2012

Framework components
--------------------
FC is a web based framework which can be intgrated to any other application in order to provide basic common serivices such as authorization, authentication,
mailing services, role management, module management and various other services.
Front end: HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, KendoUI, jQuery, ASP.NET MVC, Web API, SQL Server 2012
Server side: 
Backend: 

Translator 
----------
Translator is a web based application which leverages Microsoft azure translation api to translate word, ppt, excel and image files. 
Front end: HTML5,CSS,Bootstrap,KendoUI for Asp.NET MVC, jQuery
Server side: ASP.NET MVC, Web API 
Backend: SQL Server 2012

Jayaam Mobile App 
-----------------
Jayaam mobile app tracks the various stages of galvanizing and fabrication process the raw materials undergo. The process consists of various stages such as 
passivation, cleaning, degreasing, drying, fluxing, galvanization, passivatiion, pickling, quenching, rinsing, binding. This mobile app helps in tracking these 
stages for quality and time taken for each process. The app also helps in automating the approval workflow. 
Technologies: Ionic,HTML5,CSS,Onsen UI,Monaca Framework, Cordova,jQuery

Jayaam Reporting tool
---------------------
The Reporting tool is a web application which helps in generating various reports on the process. It uses the data which the mobile app generates. 
Technologies: Laravel Framework, HTML5, CSS, PHP, MySQL, jQuery

Lite Application
----------------
Lite Event Management is developed for the MCA department, Loyola College. 
This system is used to automate the Department festival events and the background activities which support the events. 
There are various activities such as registration, team separation, documentation, job allocation for the organizers, budgeting, 
preliminary rounds for the participants, allotment of marks based on events. Lite is intended to study the process and deliver a smooth, 
hassle free system to organize a department festival event. This system also allows the organizers to print the necessary details for documentation and future references. 
Technologies: HTML5,CSS,PHP,MySQL,jQuery

Loyola College website 
----------------------
This is a comprehensive website developed for Loyola College Chennai.It displays various course and other college related information.
The smooth user experience and content design are the highlights of this project.  
Technologies: HTML5,CSS,Bootstrap,PHP



